Added short summaries to the Resources page (#403)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/designing-products/user-research-resources.md

## Research papers

> ###### [Non-adoption of crypto-assets: Exploring the role of trust, self-efficacy, and risk](https://voskart.de/pdf/crypto_adoption.pdf)

Reviewer: I would suggest ordering each resource in alphabetical order based on their title.

Reviewer 2: Papers are ordered by date, newest at the top.

> A survey of 404 users and non-users of Bitcoin about the roles of trust, self-efficacy, and risk on adoption intention.
> 

Reviewer 3: Making italic consistent with the rest of the page.
```suggestion
*A survey of 404 users and non-users of Bitcoin about the roles of trust, self-efficacy, and risk on adoption intention.*

```

> *A survey of 404 users and non-users of Bitcoin about the roles of trust, self-efficacy, and risk on adoption intention.*

Reviewer: I would italicize the publication date / author text rather than the short summary of the paper. Italics are less emphatic and the summary is the primary information here.

Reviewer 2: @johnsBeharry and I talked on Slack about formatting, but we thought we'd keep that for a separate PR so we can wrap this one up.

> *A survey of 404 users and non-users of Bitcoin about the roles of trust, self-efficacy, and risk on adoption intention.*

Reviewer: The current summary doesn't say much about what the paper found but merely states what it did.  Generally the final sentence in the abstract of research papers will give a good summary of the research aims. Below is copied from the paper and clearly explains what the results found not just outline what they aimed to do as the previous summary did. 

```suggestion
Results revealed that trust is a critical factor affecting adoption intention, with perceived self-efficacy having a mediating effect. Building on the results, practical recommendations are offered that could lower the entry barriers and facilitate the adoption of crypto-assets.
```

Reviewer 2: I did not see any practical recommendations in the paper. Did I miss them? Also not sure what a "mediating effect" is in this case. Overall, I found the language in the paper (and many of the other papers) overly complicated and tedious to read, so I avoided copy/pasting.

> Published in May 2021 by Artemij Voskobojnikov, Svetlana Abramova, Konstantin Beznosov, and Rainer Böhme.

Reviewer: Could minimize the amount of text here by formatting these details like below. Would also recommend italicizing this content as it is less emphatic and gives more emphasis to the summary (the maint content people will be focused on). See my comment above about removing italics from the summary also. 

```suggestion
_Published May 2021 by Voskobojnikov, Abramova, Beznosov, and Böhme._
```

> *Over the last years, crypto-assets have gained significant interest from private investors, academia, and industry. While the user population and their motivations, perceptions, and behaviors have been studied, non-adopters and factors influencing their decision have been left unexplored. This work fills this knowledge gap and sheds light on the effects of trust, perceived self-efficacy, and risk, which have been shown to be the key antecedents to technology acceptance, on the adoption intention of non-users.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A survey of 404 users and non-users of Bitcoin about the roles of trust, self-efficacy, and risk on adoption intention.
```
I know this is maybe not doing the full survey justice, but how about something really short and easy to parse? I personally have a hard time with the academic language.

###### [Bits Under the Mattress: Understanding Different Risk Perceptions and Security Behaviors of Crypto-Asset Users](https://voskart.de/pdf/bits_under_mattress.pdf)

> *A survey of security behaviors among three Bitcoin user archetypes, showing that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A survey of security behaviors among three Bitcoin user archetypes, showing that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets.
```

> *A survey-based exploration of different security behaviors among three Bitcoin user archetypes: Cypherpunks, hodlers, and rookies. This study demonstrates that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A survey of security behaviors among three Bitcoin user archetypes, showing that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets.*
```
Trimmed this one a bit for brevity.

> *A survey-based exploration of different security behaviors among three Bitcoin user archetypes: Cypherpunks, hodlers, and rookies. This study demonstrates that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets. *
> 

Reviewer 3: Fixing extra space to make paragraph italic
```suggestion
*A survey-based exploration of different security behaviors among three Bitcoin user archetypes: Cypherpunks, hodlers, and rookies. This study demonstrates that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets.*

```

> Published in February 2021 by Svetlana Abramova, Artemij Voskobojnikov, Konstantin Beznosov, and Rainer Böhme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published February 2021 by Abramova, Voskobojnikov, Beznosov, and Böhme._
```

###### [The U in Crypto Stands for Usable: An Empirical Study of User Experience with Mobile Cryptocurrency Wallets](https://voskart.de/pdf/u_in_crypto.pdf)

> *An analysis of app reviews of the top five mobile cryptocurrency wallets suggesting that both new and experienced users struggle with general and domain-specific UX issues that might lead to dangerous errors and irreversible monetary losses.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An analysis of app reviews of the top five mobile cryptocurrency wallets suggested that both new and experienced users struggle with general and domain-specific UX issues that might lead to dangerous errors and irreversible monetary losses.
```

Reviewer 2: `suggesting` reads correct to me. The analysis is suggesting.

Reviewer: Yeah on second read suggesting is better, my bad :)

> Published in January 2021 by Artemij Voskobojnikov, Oliver Wiese, Masoud Mehrabi Koushki, Volker Roth, and Konstantin Beznosov.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published January 2021 by Voskobojnikov, Wiese, M. Koushki, Roth, and Beznosov._
```

> *Prior empirical work has attempted to study end-user security from both technical and organizational perspectives. However, the link between individuals’ risk perceptions and security behavior was often obscured by the heterogeneity of the subjects in small samples. This paper contributes quantitative results from a survey of 395 crypto-asset users recruited by a novel combination of deep and broad sampling. The analysis accounts for heterogeneity with a new typology that partitions the sample in three robust clusters – cypherpunks, hodlers, and rookies – using five psychometric constructs.*

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*A survey-based exploration of different security behaviors among three three Bitcoin user archetypes: Cypherpunks, hodlers, and rookies. This study demonstrates that cypherpunks tend to use self-managed security solutions, whereas hodlers and rookies use either custodial solutions or non-custodial wallets. *
```
What do you think about a two-sentence format written in more plain English? First sentence describes the study and methods, second sentence briefly states the findings. Simple, but give enough information to understand what the study is about.

> *In a corpus of 45,821 app reviews of the top five mobile cryptocurrency wallets, 6,859 reviews were identified and qualitatively analyzed pertaining to the user experience with those wallets. The analysis suggests that both new and experienced users struggle with general and domain-specific UX issues that, aside from frustration and disengagement, might lead to dangerous errors and irreversible monetary losses. We reveal shortcomings of current wallet UX as well as users’ misconceptions, some of which can be traced back to a reliance on their understanding of conventional payment systems.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*An analysis of app reviews of the top five mobile cryptocurrency wallets suggesting that both new and experienced users struggle with general and domain-specific UX issues that might lead to dangerous errors and irreversible monetary losses.*
```
Shortened for brevity.

###### [User Perception of Bitcoin Usability and Security across Novice Users](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/331286661_User_Perception_of_Bitcoin_Usability_and_Security_across_Novice_Users)

> *A survey of undergraduate students at Keele University concluding that Bitcoin was still in its infancy at the time of writing and required user education and a new way of thinking. The study recommends user-centered design to develop users’ mental models and deepen their understanding of digital payment technology.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This paper conclude that Bitcoin, as a crypto-currency, is still in its infancy and requires user education and a new way of thinking. The study recommends developing users’ mental models to deepen developers’ understanding of anonymous digital payment technology and improve user-centered design. The paper also makes recommendations with respect to e-government services that may be developed relying on crypto-currencies.
```

Reviewer 2: We had this part in the original summary but removed. To me, it's just really poorly written.
- I find it misleading not to mention that this is based on a very small sample of students from one university
- Bitcoin is not anonymous
- What does "Bitcoin, as a crypto-currency" mean? What else can Bitcoin be?
- How can the development of the mental models of users deepen the understanding developers have of digital payment technology? When users understand Bitcoin better, then developers understand digital payment tech better?
- The text in the paper about e-government is fluff, there's nothing specific there

TBH, I am a bit frustrated with how some of these paper summarize their content. It's a lot of "difficult language fluff" with little actual meaning.

Reviewer: If the results of the papers are not accurate / misleading in ways like you mentioned - should we be including them in the guide at all?

Reviewer 2: Good question, maybe not this one.

After looking through all of them, I've found the actual survey data usually very interesting. The conclusions are more what I've had problems with. This could be my bias though. @johnsBeharry said he'd also do a deeper review of each paper, maybe he'll draw different conclusions...

Reviewer: I noticed with the more older papers as well a lot of the summaries may be quite dated. The industry moves so fast it's hard to draw the same conclusions today.

Reviewer 2: For sure. That's why I ordered the research by date and made sure the dates are easily visible. Unfortunately, the page would be pretty empty if we only showed recent research.

> Published in February 2019 by Abdulla Alshamsi & Keele University.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published February 2019 by Alshamsi and Andras._
```

###### [A First Look at the Usability of Bitcoin Key Management](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.04351.pdf)

> *A broad usability evaluation of key management techniques used by six representative Bitcoin clients. Findings show that Bitcoin shares many fundamental challenges known from other domains, and also presents a unique opportunity to rethink key management for end users.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This paper contributes an evaluation framework for comparing Bitcoin key management approaches, and conducts a broad usability evaluation of six representative Bitcoin clients. It found that Bitcoin shares many of the fundamental challenges of key management known from other domains, but that Bitcoin may present a unique opportunity to rethink key management for end users.
```

Reviewer 2: In this summary I tried to remove the repetitive uses of the terms `Bitcoin` (appears 4 times) and `key management` (appears 3 times). The evaluation framework is just the 10 points on which they evaluated the clients on, not sure if that needs to be specifically highlighted.

> Published in February 2018 by Shayan Eskandari, David Barrera, Elizabeth Stobert, and Jeremy Clark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published February 2018 by Eskandari, Barrera, Stobert, and Clark._
```

> *This paper investigates users’ perceptions and experiences of an anonymous digital payment system (Bitcoin) and its influence on users in terms of usability and security in comparison to other non-anonymous payment systems such as credit/debit cards. This paper identifies users’ perceptual differences in terms of usability and security. We conclude that Bitcoin, as a crypto-currency, is still in its infancy and requires user education and a new way of thinking. The study recommends developing users’ mental models to deepen developers’ understanding of anonymous digital payment technology and improve user-centred design.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A survey of undergraduate students at Keele University concluding that Bitcoin was still in its infancy at the time of writing and required user education and a new way of thinking. The study recommends user-centered design to develop users’ mental models and deepen their understanding of digital payment technology.*
```
Shortened. Also highlighted that the survey was only taken by undergraduate students at 1 university, which probably makes it not representative globally.

###### [An Evaluation of User Attitudes Towards Anonymity in Bitcoin](https://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:1141672/FULLTEXT01.pdf)

> *A survey of 50 users on the [r/bitcoin subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/) about their attitudes towards anonymity in the Bitcoin network.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A survey of 50 users on the [r/bitcoin subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/) that showed Bitcoin users value their anonymity, which suggests that anonymity is an integral part of Bitcoin, at least from an end user perspective. 
```

> Published in the spring of 2017 by Mihkel Pajunen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published September 2017 by Pajunen._
```

###### [The Other Side of the Coin: User Experiences with Bitcoin Security and Privacy](https://publications.sba-research.org/publications/TheOtherSideOfTheCoin_FC16preConf.pdf)

> *A survey and follow-up interviews of Bitcoin users to determine bitcoin management strategies and identify how they deploy security measures to protect their keys and bitcoins. It was found that many do not use all security capabilities of their selected applications and have significant misconceptions on how to remain anonymous and protect their privacy.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This paper surveyed 990 Bitcoin users to determine Bitcoin management strategies and identified how users deploy security measures to protect their keys and bitcoins. They found that ~46% of our participants use web-hosted solutions to manage at least some of their bitcoins, and about half of them use exclusively such solutions. They also found that many users do not use all security capabilities of their selected Bitcoin management tool and have significant misconceptions on how to remain anonymous and protect their privacy in the Bitcoin network. They also found that 22% of participants have already lost money due to security breaches or self-induced errors.
```

> *Bitcoin users are directly or indirectly forced to deal with public key cryptography, which has a number of security and usability challenges that differ from the password-based authentication underlying most online banking services. In this paper, we contribute an evaluation framework for comparing Bitcoin key management approaches, and conduct a broad usability evaluation of six representative Bitcoin clients. We find that Bitcoin shares many of the fundamental challenges of key management known from other domains, but that Bitcoin may present a unique opportunity to rethink key management for end users.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A broad usability evaluation of key management techniques used by six representative Bitcoin clients. Findings show that Bitcoin shares many fundamental challenges known from other domains, and also presents a unique opportunity to rethink key management for end users.*
```
Shortened for brevity.

Published in May 2017 by Katharina Krombholz, Aljosha Judmayer, Matthias Gusenbauer, and Edgar Weippl.

> ## Surveys

Reviewer: How is the distinction between surveys and research papers being made? Most of the research papers are surveys and some surveys could be classed as research papers.

Reviewer 2: When I first gathered the resources, I didn't read through everything and created this loose grouping. But reading through them during this PR work, I also realized that things need to be re-ordered. I decided to keep that for a separate PR though.

###### [Project Horizon](https://youtu.be/oZkBU5H2WjY)

> *An investigation into how people use (or don't use) the Bitcoin Core Wallet and what needs are unmet by a variety of users. The project employed both qualitative interviews along with surveys to understand a variety of user needs and approaches to using Bitcoin.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An investigation into how people use (or don't use) the Bitcoin Core Wallet and what needs are unmet by a variety of users. The project employed both qualitative interviews along with surveys to understand a variety of user needs and approaches to using Bitcoin.
```

> Video presentation in May 2021 by Jamaal Montasser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video presentation in May 2021 by Montasser.
```

> *The research effort presented in this paper consists of a quantitative study seeking to address the subject of user anonymity in the Bitcoin network. The survey seeks to form an understanding of user attitudes towards the aspect of anonymity by following a methodological approach for exploring common tendencies among the representatives and will serve as the underlying data set from which conclusions can be drawn. Furthermore, this paper will present a literary study of the actual state of anonymity in this peer-to-peer technology by reviewing current findings highlighted in the area, thus presenting a comprehensive view of anonymity in the Bitcoin network.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A survey of 50 users on the [r/bitcoin subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/) about their attitudes towards anonymity in the Bitcoin network.*
```
This was really just a small survey on Reddit, so we don't need this super academic explanation.

> *The paper presents the first large-scale survey to investigate how users experience the Bitcoin ecosystem in terms of security, privacy and anonymity. 990 Bitcoin users were surveyed to determine Bitcoin management strategies and identified how users deploy security measures to protect their keys and bitcoins. It was also found that many users do not use all security capabilities of their selected Bitcoin management tool and have significant misconceptions on how to remain anonymous and protect their privacy in the Bitcoin network. To get a deeper understanding, qualitative interviews were conducted to explain some of the observed phenomena.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A survey and follow-up interviews of Bitcoin users to determine bitcoin management strategies and identify how they deploy security measures to protect their keys and bitcoins. It was found that many do not use all security capabilities of their selected applications and have significant misconceptions on how to remain anonymous and protect their privacy.*
```
Shortened.

> *Jamaal shared his findings from Project Horizon, which was an investigation into how people use (or don't use) Bitcoin Core Wallet and what needs are unmet by a variety of users. The project employed both qualitative interviews along with surveys to understand a variety of user needs and approaches to using Bitcoin. We then had a good discussion about what the future of the Bitcoin Core Wallet might be.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*An investigation into how people use (or don't use) the Bitcoin Core Wallet and what needs are unmet by a variety of users. The project employed both qualitative interviews along with surveys to understand a variety of user needs and approaches to using Bitcoin.*
```

-->

###### [A study on how Bitcoin is perceived by no-coiners (non-holders of Bitcoin)](https://github.com/MickMorucci/Bitcoin_perception)

> *A pilot survey of 62 participants around the perception and beliefs of Bitcoin users and non-users.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A currently active survey of 65 on the perception and beliefs of Bitcoin users and non-users.
```

> *A pilot survey of 62 participants around the perception and beliefs of Bitcoin users and non-users.*

Reviewer: Maybe we could have a seperate section for research currently under progress.

> Launched in January 2021 by Mick Morucci. In progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Launched January 2021 by Morucci._
```

> *Beliefs drive behaviour more than the other way around. So, if we are trying to understand those who know about but have not purchased Bitcoin, we want to try to understand their beliefs surrounding Bitcoin and their perception of it. This research aims to gain a better picture of the beliefs of no-coiners about Bitcoin. Understanding these beliefs can help point to their behaviours, their non-action when buying Bitcoin. The objective is to gain a comprehensive list of these beliefs surrounding Bitcoin.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A pilot survey of 62 participants around the perception and beliefs of Bitcoin users and non-users.*
```
Shortened.

###### [Bitcoin is (Still) a Demographic Mega-trend: Data Update](https://medium.com/blockchain-capital-blog/bitcoin-is-still-a-demographic-mega-trend-data-update-c50df59a6cb3)

> *An online survey of over 2,000 US adults to gauge the progression of the general population through the crypto adoption funnel, including awareness, familiarity, perception, conviction, relative preference rates and propensity to purchase crypto.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An online survey of over 2,000 US adults by Blockchain Capital to gauge the progression of the general population through the crypto adoption funnel, including awareness, familiarity, perception, conviction, relative preference rates and propensity to purchase crypto.
```

> Published in December 2020 by Spencer Bogart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published December 2020 by Bogart._
```

###### [Blockchain Usability Report](https://fioprotocol.io/wp-content/themes/fio/build/files/blockchain-usability-report-2019.pdf)

> *A survey of over 200 crypto holders regarding their frequency and experiences in transacting crypto, with the goal of unearthing some of the common issues they’ve faced.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A survey of over 200 crypto holders regarding their frequency and experiences in transacting crypto, with the goal of unearthing some of the common issues they’ve faced. 
```

> Published in February 2019 by FIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published  February 2019 by Foundation for Interwallet Operability (FIO)._
```

> *Every 18 months the team at Blockchain Capital commissions The Harris Poll to conduct a nationwide online survey of over 2,000 US adults to gauge the progression of the US general population through the crypto adoption funnel. This survey is intended to gauge the general population’s awareness, familiarity, perception, conviction, relative preference rates and propensity to purchase crypto.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*An online survey of over 2,000 US adults to gauge the progression of the general population through the crypto adoption funnel, including awareness, familiarity, perception, conviction, relative preference rates and propensity to purchase crypto.*
```

###### [2nd Global Cryptoasset Benchmarking Study](https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/faculty-research/centres/alternative-finance/publications/2nd-global-cryptoasset-benchmark-study/#.X_1mxi1h1qs)

> *Insights into the current state of the cryptoasset industry. The study gathers survey data from more than 180 cryptoasset companies and individuals, covering 47 countries across five world regions, focusing on the following four key industry segments: mining, exchange, storage, and payments.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insights into the current state of the cryptoasset industry. The study gathers survey data from more than 180 cryptoasset companies and individuals, covering 47 countries across five world regions, focusing on the following four key industry segments: mining, exchange, storage, and payments.
```

> Published in December 2018 by Michel Rauchs, Apolline Blandin, Kristina Klein, Dr. Gina Pieters, Martino Recanatini, Bryan Zhang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Published December 2018 by Rauchs, Blandin, Klein, Pieters, Recanatini, Zhang._
```

> *For blockchain to achieve its potential, the value and information represented on blockchains ultimately needs to be moved between parties for the purpose of commerce and/or utility. There have been many hypotheses on what blockchain “needs” for mass adoption to occur and one of recurring topics of discussion is usability. To understand this problem better, FIO – the Foundation for Interwallet Operability – conducted a randomized survey of over 200 crypto holders. These users were asked various questions regarding their frequency and experiences in transacting crypto, with the goal of unearthing some of the common issues they’ve faced.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A survey of over 200 crypto holders regarding their frequency and experiences in transacting crypto, with the goal of unearthing some of the common issues they’ve faced.*
```

## Blog posts & write-ups

###### [Automatic Cloud Backup (Seedless) Wallet Research](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11KbQnor7kQPdzHKmycBLPwOKyVo3t99nUEQYpVsik_o/edit?usp=sharing)

> *Research on user new to crypto around whether they are confident in their ability to safely hold and keep track of seed phrases. Goal of the research was to discover whether automatic cloud backups could empower users to confidently secure their own bitcoin wallets.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Research on user new to crypto around whether they are confident in their ability to safely hold and keep track of seed phrases. Goal of the research was to discover whether automatic cloud backups could empower users to confidently secure their own bitcoin wallets.
```

> Published in May 2021 by Maggie Valentine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Published May 2021 by Valentine.
```

###### [Breaking down Bitcoin: A UX Design Case Study](https://medium.com/@ngqunzhao/breaking-down-bitcoin-a-ux-design-case-study-7fdefbe7e1b8)

> *Documentation of the user research, redesign and testing process of Coinhako, a cryptocurrency trading and digital wallet app.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation of the user research, redesign and testing process of Coinhako, a cryptocurrency trading and digital wallet app.
```

> Published in October 2019 by Ng Qun Zhao.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Published October 2019 by Zhao.
```

> *The second edition of the Global Cryptoasset Benchmarking Study provides new insights into the current state of the cryptoasset industry. The study gathers survey data from more than 180 cryptoasset companies and individuals, covering 47 countries across five world regions. The empirical analysis specifically focuses on the following four key industry segments: mining, exchange, storage, and payments.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Insights into the current state of the cryptoasset industry. The study gathers survey data from more than 180 cryptoasset companies and individuals, covering 47 countries across five world regions, focusing on the following four key industry segments: mining, exchange, storage, and payments.*
```

###### [Making design better for crypto apps: Abra UX Case study](https://medium.com/@kagakawa/abra-app-ux-case-study-2eb2a6e09c70) 

> *A UX case study exploring the usability and suggesting improvements for making purchases in the Abra app.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A UX case study exploring the usability and suggesting improvements for making purchases in the Abra app.
```

> Published in July 2018 by Kagayaki "Kaga" Kawabata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Published July 2018 by Kawabata.
```

> *According to research conducted, users who are new to crypto lack confidence in their ability to safely hold and keep track of their seed phrase. It’s no secret that manually writing down a 12-24 word seed phrase mnemonic is an unfamiliar motion, causing this user group to accidentally misplace their seed phrase. As designers and product builders, our number 1 priority should be to create experiences that not only ensure the physical safety of a user’s funds, but the emotional security as well. At a high level, the goal of this research is to discover if automatic cloud backups can empower new-to-crypto users to confidently create and secure their own bitcoin wallets.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Research on user new to crypto around whether they are confident in their ability to safely hold and keep track of seed phrases. Goal of the research was to discover whether automatic cloud backups could empower users to confidently secure their own bitcoin wallets.*
```

> *This is a documentation of a UX redesign of Coinhako, a cryptocurrency trading and digital wallet app. For my capstone project at General Assembly, Ng Qun Zhao worked with team of 3 UX designers to deliver a redesign of Coinhako’s app platform over a period of two weeks. As the team leader and lead UX Researcher, Zhao set out to craft a new and improved user experience and interface, and achieve the company’s business goals of higher user engagement.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Documentation of the user research, redesign and testing process of Coinhako, a cryptocurrency trading and digital wallet app.*
```

> *While working in blockchain industry for over 3+ years Kagayaki Kawabata realized there are many unintuitive apps that are difficult to use. There were difficulties buying coins using the Abra’s app, The assumption was made that other users also have the same issues. Through this UX case study, Kawabata will help pursue Abra’s mission statement “cryptocurrency investing simplified.” by exploring the human-centered design process by evaluating the usability of apps.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*A UX case study exploring the usability and suggesting improvements for making purchases in the Abra app.*
```
